Update Certificate troubleshooting (#3259)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/troubleshoot.md

and with your CDN provider if you have one.
If not, [contact Support](../overview/get-support.md).

### Check your routes configuration

> Certificates are generated based on your [routes configuration](./define-routes/_index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificates are generated based on your [routes configuration](../define-routes/_index.md).
```

> Certificates are generated based on your [routes configuration](https://docs.platform.sh/define-routes.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificates are generated based on your [routes configuration](./define-routes/_index.md).
```
